'\" t
.\"
.pc
.TH AUALE 6 "2015-03-26" "1.1.0" "Aualé Manual"
.SH NAME
Aualé \- Play Oware Mancala against the computer
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B auale
.RB [\| \-h \|]
.RB [\| \-v \|]
.RI [\| match_file \|]
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Aualé
is a graphical user interface for the popular
.B "Oware Abapa"
board game. It may be used to analyze, record and share your own
.B mancala
games or to play against the computer.
.PP
This interface communicates with an oware engine through an adapted version of
the
.B "Universal Chess Interface"
protocol, which makes it suitable for use with multiple mancala playing
programs. Although, currently only the
.B Aalina
game engine supports this protocol.
.PP
Some of its main features include:
.PP
* Play against the computer or watch how it plays.
.br
* Easily configurable computer strength.
.br
* Annotate your matches with an easy to use interface.
.br
* Save your games using a portable format which resembles the
.br
  popular
.B "Portable Game Notation"
format.
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.RI \| match_file \|
Specifies a match file to open when
.B Aualé
starts.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show program's version number and exit.
.\" ********************************************************************
.SH AUTHORS
This program was written and designed by Joan Sala (contact@joansala.com)
with help from Arnau Sala (contact@arnausalasoler.com) who kindly recorded
the game sounds for the interface.
